I am so filled with my knowledge that it is as if I have been
living on trillions and
trillions of planets like this Earth for a hundred trillion billion years, this world is absolutely
clear to me, and I am looking for only one thing here - peace, peace and
this harmony, from merging with the infinitely eternal, from contemplation
of the great fractal similarity and from this wonderful unity
a being infinitely eternal, wherever you look, even deep down - infinitely
small, even up - infinitely big, do you understand? And you tell me again with
your own here, go fuss on, this is your distribution, this
is your path and your horizon of knowledge and feeling of your nature, it
is disproportionately small compared to mine, do you understand? It's like
I've been a deep old man for a long time, immortal, or almost immortal,
who has been on this planet since its very inception, even when the Sun
had just formed as a star, and this gas-dust cloud,
here, after the explosion of the Sun, when it flashed like a star, it began
to form these coacervates, planets, you know, I've been living on this Earth for
almost five billion years and I know it inside and out
, this whole world, and you're some kind of me... I don't care about your cars, your
yachts, your apartments, there, for your benefit. I've been on this
planet an infinite number, and cooler than Caesar, and cooler than Mein Maxim, and cooler
than all the greats, you know, I was, and somewhere I was a complete shit, even worse
than here. I feel a lot of these states. Somewhere I was more
like a plant, somewhere I was more like a bird, there, a worm, somewhere
there was just a clot of stone, it's all a soul, you know? It has facets
of similarity that are completely diverse, an infinite number. But you don
't understand this, so you go yourself, we in this world seem to live
with different feelings and different aspirations, respectively, our
place and our distribution are different. I wish you all the coolest cars
so that you have, and all the best females, if you have few ideas, contact me, I'll give you a hundred trillion dollars for every idea you have, how to do everything.
Well, that's all, I'm walking like a deep elder who has seen the eternal, touched the Divine, has become godlike himself and aspires to this infinite,
and who is in peace, peace, harmony, grace, in this innermost bliss, involved in everything and in everything, you see,
that's all, this is our the difference. So I go to admire the universe, and you go to be filled with some FACETS, that's all the difference, you know,
you don't see this eternal infinite, you don't need it. Well, but you are, so to speak, more active, like this pecking woodpecker, or an ant,
which is very active in its path, so come on, our paths here, of course, have facets of similarity, because everything is the same, but I understand you perfectly,
but you hardly understand me, because I kind of contain you in myself, your whole nature, it makes up one little grain of sand there, from what is in me,
 That's all, so come on, go, go, and I went to enjoy a beautiful autumn sunset on the banks of a warm southern river. That's it, go, and I'll go.
